If you wanted to get in good with your bosses or your chiefs or your senior
chiefs, or if you're an officer, the superior officers, number
one it would be good to have a good personality. Now everybody hates
the fact that you know jobs like the military, pretty much any job
is political. But that is, nobody likes to work around people that
they don't like. If you're an introvert, it would be good for your career
if you can kinda like express yourself a little bit you know,
kind of be friends with the person that's working beside you. You know
you might watch a lot of military movies and see guns, see people
fighting and shooting, and you know like eventually you can see that
they become a band of brothers you know even if they're girls but
band of brothers right, that's the saying. And if you can try to you
know live up to that movie stereotype, then that would work very well
with your superiors because the key word, the only word that really
matters for the military is teamwork, and the more that you can show
that you're a team, the more that you can like relate to your peers,
then that would look really good with your superiors.